src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Helper/JsonMapper.php:27 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of map has undeclared type \Psr\Log\InvalidArgumentException (Did you mean class \InvalidArgumentException or class \MongoDB\Driver\Exception\InvalidArgumentException)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Helper/JsonMapper.php:30 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Psr\Log\InvalidArgumentException (Did you mean class \InvalidArgumentException or class \MongoDB\Driver\Exception\InvalidArgumentException)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Helper/JsonMapper.php:36 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Psr\Log\InvalidArgumentException (Did you mean class \InvalidArgumentException or class \MongoDB\Driver\Exception\InvalidArgumentException)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:26 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Manager\AnalyticsManager::documentManager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:31 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Manager\AnalyticsManager::connection has undeclared type \Doctrine\MongoDB\Connection
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:49 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:55 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getConnection from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:82 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method selectCollection from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Connection
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method selectCollection from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Connection
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:137 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $data in convertData is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/AnalyticsManager.php:171 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method selectCollection from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Connection
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:41 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Manager\ServiceManager::cacheProvider has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:73 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:98 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:178 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:190 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:214 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:266 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Manager/ServiceManager.php:274 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Model/AnalyticModel.php:159 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Model\AnalyticModel::setMultipipeline is declared to return bool but has no return value
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Model/AnalyticModel.php:460 PhanTypeMismatchArgumentInternal Argument 2 (code) is \Exception|\Throwable but \LogicException::__construct() takes int
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:41 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:42 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:43 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:80 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:89 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:98 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:107 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:116 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:135 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:154 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:164 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:167 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:186 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:242 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:245 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:290 PhanParamSpecial1 Argument 2 (pieces) is string but \implode() takes string[] when argument 1 is string
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:293 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:296 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:334 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:335 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:336 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:388 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:401 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:402 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:419 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:422 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:423 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:424 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:425 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:426 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:427 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:437 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:438 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:463 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:464 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:465 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:466 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:468 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:469 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:470 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/AnalyticsBundle/Tests/Controller/DefaultControllerTest.php:471 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\Tests\Controller\DefaultControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/BundleBundle/DependencyInjection/GravitonBundleExtension.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ConfigurationInterface (\Symfony\Component\Config\Definition\ConfigurationInterface)
src/Graviton/BundleBundle/DependencyInjection/GravitonBundleExtension.php:15 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SplFileInfo (\Symfony\Component\Finder\SplFileInfo)
src/Graviton/BundleBundle/GravitonBundleInterface.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Bundle (\Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Bundle\Bundle)
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:37 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $event in getOptions contains phpdoc param type \Graviton\CoreBundle\Composer\CommandEvent which is incompatible with the param type \Composer\Script\Event declared in the signature
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:39 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getComposer from undeclared class \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:40 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getComposer from undeclared class \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:54 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $event in executeCommand contains phpdoc param type \Graviton\CoreBundle\Composer\CommandEvent which is incompatible with the param type \Composer\Script\Event declared in the signature
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:54 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:58 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getIO from undeclared class \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Composer/ScriptHandlerBase.php:65 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getIO from undeclared class \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Controller/MainController.php:185 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\EventDispatcher\Event::getRoutes
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppData.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppData.php:36 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppData.php:44 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppData.php:46 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppDataExceedSinglePageLimit.php:26 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppDataExceedSinglePageLimit.php:38 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadAppDataExceedSinglePageLimit.php:42 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\CoreBundle\Listener\JsonExceptionListener::logger has undeclared type \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:55 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Exception\SyntaxErrorException
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getStatusCode
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:79 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/JsonExceptionListener.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method critical from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Listener/RequestHostListener.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace GetResponseEvent (\Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\GetResponseEvent)
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:63 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:65 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:66 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:68 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:69 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:70 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:100 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:127 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:129 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:134 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:139 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:155 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:159 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:164 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:174 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:175 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:180 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:184 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:189 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:195 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:200 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:201 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:206 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:210 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:215 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:225 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:230 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:231 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:247 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:248 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:279 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:280 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:284 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:285 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:289 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:293 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:297 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:301 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:305 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:310 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:314 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:318 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:331 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:335 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:344 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:348 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:349 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:373 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:390 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:391 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:392 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:394 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:398 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:419 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:420 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:428 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:429 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:430 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:450 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:455 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:469 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:470 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:500 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:505 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:522 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:544 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:545 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:553 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:554 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:555 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:592 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:602 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:633 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:634 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:658 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:663 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:683 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:689 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:690 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:691 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:710 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:731 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:732 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:733 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:736 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:757 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:759 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:760 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:791 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertArrayNotHasKey
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:796 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertArrayNotHasKey
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:828 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:830 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:831 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:833 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:836 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:841 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:869 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:894 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:901 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:902 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:903 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:937 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:939 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:940 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:953 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:965 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:966 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:967 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:969 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:970 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:971 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:972 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:974 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:975 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:976 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:977 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:978 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:979 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:981 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:982 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/AppControllerTest.php:983 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\AppControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ConfigControllerTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ConfigControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ConfigControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ConfigControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest.php:27 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest.php:80 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest.php:86 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\DatetimeDeserializationControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest.php:29 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ElemMatchOperatorControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedArrayTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedArrayTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedArrayTest.php:171 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedArrayTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedArrayTest.php:172 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedArrayTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedArrayTest.php:175 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedArrayTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedHashTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedHashTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedHashTest.php:121 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedHashTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedHashTest.php:122 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedHashTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbedHashTest.php:125 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbedHashTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:56 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertEntityExists has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:60 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:63 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertEntityNotExists has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:76 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:98 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:99 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:115 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:116 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:143 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:144 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:155 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:160 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:161 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:203 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:204 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:215 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:221 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:238 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:239 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:244 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:275 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:276 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:287 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:292 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:293 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:310 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:314 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:315 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:347 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:348 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:359 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:364 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:365 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:380 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:385 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmbeddingDocumentsTest.php:386 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmbeddingDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:26 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:82 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:83 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/EmptyObjectControllerTest.php:84 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\EmptyObjectControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:39 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:89 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:98 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:116 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:121 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::once
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:124 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::equalTo
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:125 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::isType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:126 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::isType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:128 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:130 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:131 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:132 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:133 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:134 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:157 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:181 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:186 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::exactly
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:189 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::isType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:190 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::isType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:191 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::isType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:194 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::onConsecutiveCalls
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:195 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:196 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:197 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:198 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:202 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:203 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:204 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:205 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:206 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::createMock
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:219 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:235 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/MainControllerTest.php:260 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\MainControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::setVerbosityLevel
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::isDecorated
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::runCommand
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:70 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:86 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:87 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:98 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:114 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:119 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:124 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:129 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:143 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:149 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:155 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:171 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:174 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:177 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:180 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:196 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:199 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:202 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:222 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:238 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:239 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:250 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:251 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:252 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:253 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:255 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:259 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:284 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:330 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:341 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:557 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:566 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:567 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:569 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:597 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:599 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:600 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:617 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:618 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:635 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:644 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:645 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:646 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:648 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:652 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:675 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:676 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:677 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:680 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:694 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:697 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:698 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:704 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:709 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:712 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:724 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:739 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:740 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:766 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:767 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:768 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:771 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:772 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:773 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:774 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:775 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:776 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:777 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:819 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:834 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:841 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:847 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:854 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:860 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ModuleControllerTest.php:867 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ModuleControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:26 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:43 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:44 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertNotEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:51 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:57 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:58 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:59 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:79 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:81 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:82 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:83 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:85 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:86 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:87 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:99 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $compareData in testPostMethod is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:103 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:104 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:113 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:120 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:135 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $compareData in testPutMethod is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:146 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/NullExtrefControllerTest.php:154 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\NullExtrefControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:29 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:65 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:81 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:82 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:95 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:96 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertNotEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:159 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:160 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:166 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:171 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:213 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:214 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:218 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:260 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:261 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:263 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:363 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertFixtureData has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:370 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:372 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:375 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:377 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:380 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:382 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:385 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:387 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:388 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInstanceOf
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:391 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:393 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:405 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertItemSchema has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:412 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:413 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:415 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:416 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:418 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:419 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:421 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:422 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:423 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:425 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/PrimitiveArrayControllerTest.php:426 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\PrimitiveArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ReadOnlyIdControllerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ReadOnlyIdControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:26 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:79 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:80 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:107 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:108 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:164 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:165 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:202 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:203 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:245 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:246 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:287 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:288 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:319 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/RequiredHashControllerTest.php:320 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\RequiredHashControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SelectExclusionStrategy (\Graviton\RestBundle\ExclusionStrategy\SelectExclusionStrategy)
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:31 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:63 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:84 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:90 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:123 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest.php:143 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\SerializerSelectExclusionStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:81 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:85 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:88 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:89 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:118 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:149 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:154 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:190 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:218 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:223 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:254 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:261 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:282 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:297 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:325 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:333 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:336 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:394 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:400 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:420 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:432 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:476 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:484 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:499 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:505 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:527 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:534 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:559 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:561 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:585 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:607 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:614 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:642 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:649 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:673 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:680 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:701 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:708 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:709 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:732 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:739 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:740 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:767 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:774 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:775 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:802 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:809 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:810 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:837 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:861 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:868 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:902 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:903 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:937 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:939 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:942 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertStringEndsWith
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:943 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:967 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/ShowcaseControllerTest.php:968 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\ShowcaseControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:31 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:68 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:85 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:86 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertNotEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:100 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:101 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:118 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:124 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:127 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:129 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:143 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:144 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:148 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:151 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:153 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:195 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:196 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:236 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertFixtureData has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:238 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:291 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of assertItemSchema has undeclared type \PHPUnit_Framework_AssertionFailedError
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:297 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:298 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:299 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:300 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:302 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:303 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:304 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:305 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:306 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableArrayControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableArrayControllerTest.php:331 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type object but getPostData() is declared to return string
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableRequiredTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableRequiredTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableRequiredTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableRequiredTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableRequiredTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableRequiredTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableRequiredTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableRequiredTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableRequiredTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableRequiredTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersionControllerTest.php:31 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersionControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersionControllerTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersionControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersionControllerTest.php:41 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersionControllerTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersionControllerTest.php:56 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersionControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersionControllerTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersionControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:29 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:51 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:70 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:80 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:81 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:91 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:116 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:133 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:139 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:143 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:163 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:178 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:199 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:200 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:226 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/VersioningDocumentsTest.php:227 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\VersioningDocumentsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:25 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::markTestSkipped
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:51 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:56 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:57 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:59 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:63 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Controller/XDynamicKeyControllerTest.php:76 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Controller\XDynamicKeyControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/EnvParametersCompilerPassTest.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/EnvParametersCompilerPassTest.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\CoreBundle\Compiler\EnvParametersCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Compiler/EnvParametersCompilerPass.php:34
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:29 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'kernel.root_dir' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:37 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.core.version.data' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:47 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.core.version.header' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:47 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (arguments) is 'self: v20.7.0; symfony/symfony: v1.0.1;' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:59 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton/graviton' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:64 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'symfony/symfony' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/VersionCompilerPassTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject::process
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Response (\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response)
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DocumentManager (\Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\JsonExceptionListerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\JsonExceptionListerTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:70 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\JsonExceptionListerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\JsonExceptionListerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/JsonExceptionListerTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\JsonExceptionListerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:57 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:93 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyFieldTest.php:127 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyFieldTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyServiceTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyServiceTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyServiceTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyServiceTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyServiceTest.php:66 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyServiceTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/CoreBundle/Tests/Services/ReadOnlyServiceTest.php:68 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\CoreBundle\Tests\Services\ReadOnlyServiceTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/Utils/DocumentMap.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $schemaMapping in processDocument is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/Utils/DocumentMap.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $serializerMapping in processDocument is phpdoc param type \DOMElement which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\DOMElement declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/Utils/DocumentMap.php:446 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $callback in getFieldNamesFlat is phpdoc param type callable which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?callable declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/GravitonDocumentBundle.php:39 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/GravitonDocumentBundle.php:40 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/GravitonDocumentBundle.php:41 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/GravitonDocumentBundle.php:42 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/GravitonDocumentBundle.php:127 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/DocumentVersionListener.php:23 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Listener\DocumentVersionListener::documentManager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/DocumentVersionListener.php:36 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/DocumentVersionListener.php:74 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:67 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:68 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setNode() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode|null defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:81
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:69 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:70 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:71 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setNode() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode|null defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:81
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of processScalarNode is undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getValue from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setValue from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:96 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:96 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of processArrayNode is undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:99 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getValues from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:99 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setValues from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractArrayOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:117 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array but getDbRefValue() is declared to return object
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:120 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array but getDbRefValue() is declared to return object
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListener.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\Rql\Node\ElemMatchNode::getField
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:50 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractComparisonOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:54 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractComparisonOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:60 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setField from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractComparisonOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractComparisonOperatorNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setNode() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode|null defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:81
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:83 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\Rql\Node\ElemMatchNode::getField
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/FieldNameSearchListener.php:84 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\Rql\Node\ElemMatchNode::getField
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:33 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Listener\RqlSearchNodeListener::builder has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:43 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Listener\RqlSearchNodeListener::exprNode has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Expr
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:92 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method isVisited from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:96 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode to property but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Listener\RqlSearchNodeListener::node is \Graviton\Rql\Node\SearchNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:109 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Graviton\Rql\Node\SearchNode|\Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\AbstractQueryNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setNode() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode|null defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:81
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:110 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (exprNode) is \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Expr but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setExprNode() takes \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Expr defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:143
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:132 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:133 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:142 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createAggregationBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:150 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getSelect from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:151 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\SelectNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:154 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getFields from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\SelectNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:182 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method sortMeta from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:187 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expr from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:189 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addAnd from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListener.php:189 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expr from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:25 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:41 PhanUndeclaredClass Reference to undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:56 PhanUndeclaredClass Reference to undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:71 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:77 PhanUndeclaredClass Reference to undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\DateHandler)
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:94 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:94 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\VisitorInterface
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/DateHandler.php:96 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitString from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\VisitorInterface
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/EmptyHandler.php:31 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/EmptyHandler.php:31 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/EmptyHandler.php:49 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/EmptyHandler.php:49 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:54 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:54 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitString from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:63 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitNull from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandler.php:84 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitString from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:58 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:58 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:82 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getCurrentPath from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:106 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitArray from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Listener/EmptyExtRefListener.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreSerializeEvent
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Listener/EmptyExtRefListener.php:30 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getObject from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreSerializeEvent
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Listener/EmptyExtRefListener.php:32 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setType from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreSerializeEvent
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:126 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Solarium\Core\Query\AbstractQuery::getEDisMax
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:128 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Solarium\Core\Query\AbstractQuery::setQuery
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:130 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:131 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:131 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getOffset from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:131 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Solarium\Core\Query\AbstractQuery::setStart
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:133 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Solarium\Core\Query\AbstractQuery::setStart
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Service/SolrQuery.php:136 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Solarium\Core\Query\AbstractQuery::setFields
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/DocumentFieldNamesCompilerPassTest.php:44 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/DocumentFieldNamesCompilerPassTest.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.document.field.names' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/DocumentFieldNamesCompilerPassTest.php:78 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\DocumentFieldNamesCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/DocumentFieldNamesCompilerPass.php:32
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:32 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:54 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:59 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:64 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'gravitonTest.document.controller.A' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:70 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:98 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\ExtRefFieldsCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/ExtRefFieldsCompilerPass.php:41
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefMappingCompilerPassTest.php:35 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefMappingCompilerPassTest.php:44 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefMappingCompilerPassTest.php:49 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefMappingCompilerPassTest.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.document.type.extref.mapping' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/ExtRefMappingCompilerPassTest.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\ExtRefMappingCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/ExtRefMappingCompilerPass.php:28
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:67 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:89 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:94 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:99 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'gravitonTest.document.controller.A' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:105 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/RqlFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:113 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\RqlFieldsCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RqlFieldsCompilerPass.php:31
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/TranslatableFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:43 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/TranslatableFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.document.type.translatable.fields' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/CompilerPass/TranslatableFieldsCompilerPassTest.php:73 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\TranslatableFieldsCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/TranslatableFieldsCompilerPass.php:36
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:105 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:105 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:125 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:143 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:143 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:159 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:177 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:177 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:199 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:203 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'extref.url' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:206 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:212 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:212 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:239 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:243 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'extref.url' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:246 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ArrayOperator\InNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:252 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ArrayOperator\InNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:252 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:260 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ArrayOperator\InNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:278 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:282 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'extref.url' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:285 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:291 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:291 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:299 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:319 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:323 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'extref.url' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:326 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:328 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (query) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Node\ElemMatchNode::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\AbstractQueryNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Node/ElemMatchNode.php:31
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:335 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:335 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/ExtReferenceSearchListenerTest.php:343 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:117 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:120 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:129 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:133 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:133 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:149 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:152 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:161 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:165 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:165 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:185 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:188 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:190 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:194 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:194 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:202 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:226 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is '_route' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:229 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:231 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (query) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Node\ElemMatchNode::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\AbstractQueryNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Node/ElemMatchNode.php:31
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:234 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:238 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:238 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (builder) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:52
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/FieldNameSearchListenerTest.php:246 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:161 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'solr-total-count' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:161 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (arguments) is 9999 but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:166 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'fieldName^20 fieldNameTwo^30' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:184 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'fred* test*' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:188 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 50 but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:193 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 10 but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlSearchNodeListenerTest.php:229 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Tests\Serializer\Handler\ExtReferenceHandlerTest::serializationVisitor has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:36 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Tests\Serializer\Handler\ExtReferenceHandlerTest::deserializationVisitor has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:74 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\ExtReference|\JsonSerializable but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:76 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:102 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:110 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\ExtReference|\JsonSerializable but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:138 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:145 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'testDeserializeExtReferenceFromJsonWithError' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:147 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:173 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:181 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'testDeserializeExtReferenceFromJson' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ExtReferenceHandlerTest.php:183 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/HashHandlerTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/HashHandlerTest.php:42 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (visitor) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\HashHandler::serializeHashToJson() takes \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:58
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/HashHandlerTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/HashHandlerTest.php:76 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (visitor) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Serializer\Handler\HashHandler::deserializeHashFromJson() takes \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor defined at src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Serializer/Handler/HashHandler.php:76
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Service/ExtReferenceConverterTest.php:187 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/DateArrayTypeTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/DateArrayTypeTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/ExtReferenceTypeTest.php:31 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/ExtReferenceTypeTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/HashArrayTypeTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/HashArrayTypeTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/HashTypeTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Tests/Types/HashTypeTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/DateArrayType.php:19 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/DateArrayType.php:36 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDateTime from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\DateType
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/DateArrayType.php:64 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDateTime from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\DateType
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/ExtReferenceType.php:18 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/ExtReferenceType.php:46 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array but convertToDb() is declared to return null|object
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/HashArrayType.php:18 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/DocumentBundle/Types/HashType.php:20 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Types\Type
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/NotFoundException.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Response (\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response)
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/RestExceptionTrait.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace HttpException (\Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Exception\HttpException)
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/RestExceptionTrait.php:25 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning false to property but \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\RestExceptionTrait::response is \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/ValidationException.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\ValidationException::errors has undeclared type \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\FormErrorIterator
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/ValidationException.php:32 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\FormErrorIterator
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/ValidationException.php:41 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getErrors is undeclared type \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\FormErrorIterator
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/DeserializationExceptionListener.php:36 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getResponse
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/MalformedInputExceptionListener.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getResponse
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/NoInputExceptionListener.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getResponse
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/NotFoundExceptionListener.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getResponse
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RecordOriginExceptionListener.php:40 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getStatusCode
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RestExceptionListener.php:38 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Listener\RestExceptionListener::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RestExceptionListener.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Listener\RestExceptionListener::serializationContext has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RestExceptionListener.php:53 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RestExceptionListener.php:53 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RestExceptionListener.php:79 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method serialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RqlSyntaxErrorListener.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace BadRequestHttpException (\Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Exception\BadRequestHttpException)
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/RqlSyntaxErrorListener.php:31 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Exception\SyntaxErrorException
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/SerializationExceptionListener.php:31 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getResponse
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Listener/ValidationExceptionListener.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Exception::getErrors
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Tests\Listener\RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Tests\Listener\RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest::context has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant class from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:87 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 400 but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'serialized content' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:95 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (response) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\RqlOperatorNotAllowedException::setResponse() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response defined at src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/RestExceptionTrait.php:34
src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlOperatorNotAllowedListenerTest.php:97 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:13 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace FileModel (\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Model\File)
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:77 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (model) is \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel|\Graviton\RestBundle\Model\ModelInterface|\Graviton\SchemaBundle\Model\SchemaModel|\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerAwareInterface but \Graviton\FileBundle\Manager\FileManager::handleSaveRequest() takes \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Model\File defined at src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:163
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:122 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:133 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (model) is \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel|\Graviton\RestBundle\Model\ModelInterface|\Graviton\SchemaBundle\Model\SchemaModel|\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerAwareInterface but \Graviton\FileBundle\Manager\FileManager::handleSaveRequest() takes \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Model\File defined at src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:163
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:153 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:155 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (id) is \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController::deleteAction() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:357
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:156 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (id) is \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\FileBundle\Manager\FileManager::remove() takes string defined at src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:312
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:170 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:200 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (id) is \Graviton\FileBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController::patchAction() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:301
src/Graviton/FileBundle/DependencyInjection/GravitonFileExtension.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ContainerBuilder (\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder)
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace FileMetadataBase (\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase)
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:36 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\FileBundle\Manager\FileManager::fileSystem has undeclared type \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:41 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\FileBundle\Manager\FileManager::documentManager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:59 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Doctrine\Bundle\MongoDBBundle\ManagerRegistry::getManager
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:112 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getMimetype from undeclared class \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:129 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method read from undeclared class \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:151 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method putStream from undeclared class \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:189 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Id\UuidGenerator
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:190 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method generateV4 from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Id\UuidGenerator
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:278 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (createDate) is \DateTime|\DateTimeInterface but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadata::setCreatedate() takes \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date defined at src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:280
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:281 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (modificationDate) is \DateTime|\DateTimeInterface but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadata::setModificationdate() takes \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date defined at src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:308
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:314 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method has from undeclared class \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Manager/FileManager.php:315 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method delete from undeclared class \League\Flysystem\Filesystem
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:85 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:87 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:101 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:103 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotFalse
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotFalse
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:113 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:132 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:133 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:134 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:136 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:165 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:166 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:170 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:171 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:172 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:173 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:174 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:175 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:187 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:188 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:201 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:218 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:219 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:221 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:222 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotNull
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:246 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:247 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:271 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:272 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:293 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:307 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:330 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:333 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:340 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:341 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:342 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:368 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:371 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:378 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:379 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:382 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:393 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:419 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:426 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:434 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:446 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:467 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:469 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:470 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:474 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:479 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:536 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:537 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:544 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:545 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:546 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:550 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:554 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:555 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:556 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:559 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:608 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:609 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:616 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:619 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertNotEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:621 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:624 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:656 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:661 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:664 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:680 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:681 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:682 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:684 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:685 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:686 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:687 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:690 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:691 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:692 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:695 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:696 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:697 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:700 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:701 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:702 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:705 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:706 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:707 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:708 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:714 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:715 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:716 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:717 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:723 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:724 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:725 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:729 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:732 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:736 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:740 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:746 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:750 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:754 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:761 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:762 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:763 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:764 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:765 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:766 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:769 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:770 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:771 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:772 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:773 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:777 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:778 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:779 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:783 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:784 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:785 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:786 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:789 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:790 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:791 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:792 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:796 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:801 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:810 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:839 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/Controller/FileControllerTest.php:840 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\Controller\FileControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:78 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:79 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:82 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:88 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:89 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:104 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertJsonStringEqualsJsonString
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:127 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:161 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:175 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:176 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:179 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:186 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:187 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:194 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:208 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:210 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:217 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:229 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:232 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:238 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:241 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:272 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:284 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::createClient
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:289 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:295 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:299 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:300 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:301 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:302 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertArrayHasKey
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:303 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:304 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:308 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/FileBundle/Tests/FileManagerTest.php:312 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\FileBundle\Tests\FileManagerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Command/GenerateDynamicBundleCommand.php:75 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Command\GenerateDynamicBundleCommand::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Command/GenerateDynamicBundleCommand.php:103 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Command/GenerateDynamicBundleCommand.php:403 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method serialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Composer/ScriptHandler.php:27 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $event in generateDynamicBundles contains phpdoc param type \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Composer\CommandEvent which is incompatible with the param type \Composer\Script\Event declared in the signature
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Composer/ScriptHandler.php:27 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/JsonDefinitionArray.php:87 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::isAnonymous
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/JsonDefinitionArray.php:114 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getXDynamicKey
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/JsonDefinitionHash.php:39 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $definition in __construct is phpdoc param type \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Field which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Field declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/JsonDefinitionRel.php:29 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $relation in __construct is phpdoc param type \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Relation which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Relation declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:35 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:60 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::addStrategy is declared to return \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader but has no return value
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:98 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method deserialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Schema/Field.php:124 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Field but setGroups() is declared to return void
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/AbstractGenerator.php:23 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\AbstractGenerator::twig has undeclared type \Twig_Environment
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/AbstractGenerator.php:36 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Twig_Environment
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/AbstractGenerator.php:37 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Twig_Loader_Filesystem
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/AbstractGenerator.php:75 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method render from undeclared class \Twig_Environment
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/BundleGenerator.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Bundle (\Sensio\Bundle\GeneratorBundle\Model\Bundle)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/ResourceGenerator.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Solr (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Schema\Solr)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldNameMapper.php:25 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method singularize from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Inflector\Inflector
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/ResourceGenerator/XDynamicKey.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of resolveRef has undeclared type \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\MethodNotFoundException
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:36 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitArray from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:48 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:48 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:54 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitArray from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/CommandRunnerTest.php:42 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (kernel) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\CommandRunner::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\KernelInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/CommandRunner.php:29
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/CommandRunnerTest.php:42 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (process) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\CommandRunner::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Process\Process defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/CommandRunner.php:29
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/CommandRunnerTest.php:45 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (output) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\CommandRunner::executeCommand() takes \Symfony\Component\Console\Output\OutputInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/CommandRunner.php:45
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/BaseJsonDefinitionFieldTest.php:24 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method setReadOnly on non-class type void
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDefinitionField (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\JsonDefinitionField)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDefinitionHash (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\JsonDefinitionHash)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDefinitionArray (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\JsonDefinitionArray)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDefinitionRel (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\JsonDefinitionRel)
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:41 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerBuilder
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getDef
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:145 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getElement
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:229 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:233 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionElementTest.php:284 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getElement
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionTest.php:398 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionTest.php:424 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionTest.php:463 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/DefinitionTest.php:517 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/JsonDefinitionHashTest.php:246 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\DefinitionElementInterface::getJsonDefinition
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:37 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:45 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:45 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:45 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (arguments) is 'json' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:59 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:59 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (serializer) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:60 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::addStrategy() takes \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Strategy\StrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:60
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:81 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:102 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:102 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (serializer) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:103 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::addStrategy() takes \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Strategy\StrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:60
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:125 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:146 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:146 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (serializer) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::__construct() takes \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:47
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/LoaderTest.php:147 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Loader::addStrategy() takes \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Definition\Loader\Strategy\StrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Definition/Loader/Loader.php:60
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldMapperTest.php:29 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (arguments) is \stdClass but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldMapperTest.php:32 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (mapper) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\FieldMapper::addMapper() takes \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\FieldMapperInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldMapper.php:27
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldMapperTest.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (mapper) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\FieldMapper::addMapper() takes \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\FieldMapperInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Generator/ResourceGenerator/FieldMapper.php:27
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::once
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:65 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 5 (serializer) is \JMS\Serializer\Serializer but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Command\GenerateDynamicBundleCommand::__construct() takes \JMS\Serializer\SerializerInterface defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Command/GenerateDynamicBundleCommand.php:103
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:92 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:99 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:108 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:109 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:115 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:119 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:123 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:127 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:131 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:146 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:151 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:157 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:165 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:179 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertTrue
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:181 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Integration/GenerateDynamicBundleTest.php:186 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Test\Integration\GenerateDynamicBundleTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:35 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (visitor) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Serializer\Handler\ArrayObjectHandler::serializeArrayObjectToJson() takes \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:30
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:69 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:84 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (visitor) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Serializer\Handler\ArrayObjectHandler::deserializeArrayObjectFromJson() takes \JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor defined at src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandler.php:48
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:102 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerBuilder
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:107 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Handler\HandlerRegistry
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:108 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerHandler from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\HandlerRegistry
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:109 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant DIRECTION_SERIALIZATION from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\GraphNavigator
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:114 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method registerHandler from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Handler\HandlerRegistry
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Serializer/Handler/ArrayObjectHandlerTest.php:115 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant DIRECTION_DESERIALIZATION from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\GraphNavigator
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Utils.php:31 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method deserialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Utils.php:44 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getSerializerInstance is undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/GeneratorBundle/Tests/Utils.php:46 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializerBuilder
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:25 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Command\CreateTranslationResourcesCommand::languageRepo has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Command\CreateTranslationResourcesCommand::translatableRepo has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:47 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:89 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method findAll from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:124 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDocumentManager from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of putAction is undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Response
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of putAction has undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\MalformedInputException (Did you mean class \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\MalformedInputException)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:65 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (id) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController::putAction() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:256
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:65 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response but putAction() is declared to return \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Response
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:75 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:75 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of deleteAction is undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Response
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:78 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (id) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController::deleteAction() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:357
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Controller/LanguageController.php:78 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response but deleteAction() is declared to return \Graviton\I18nBundle\Controller\Response
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadLanguageData.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadLanguageData.php:34 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadLanguageData.php:35 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadMultiLanguageData.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadMultiLanguageData.php:34 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadMultiLanguageData.php:37 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatableData.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatableData.php:40 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatableData.php:51 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatableData.php:53 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatableData.php:54 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:42 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:52 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:53 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:64 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:65 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:77 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:78 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:88 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:89 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:100 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:101 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTranslatablesApp.php:103 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/TranslatableLanguage.php:22 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage::id has undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\MongoId
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/TranslatableLanguage.php:37 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\MongoId but getId() is declared to return string
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/GravitonI18nBundle.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ReplaceTranslatorCompilerPass (\Graviton\I18nBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\ReplaceTranslatorCompilerPass)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nDeserializationListener.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace KernelEvent (\Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\KernelEvent)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nDeserializationListener.php:58 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreDeserializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nDeserializationListener.php:60 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getType from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreDeserializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nDeserializationListener.php:69 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getData from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreDeserializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nDeserializationListener.php:89 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setData from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreDeserializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:38 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\I18nRqlParsingListener::node has undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:43 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\I18nRqlParsingListener::builder has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:69 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode to property but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\I18nRqlParsingListener::node is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:73 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\AbstractScalarOperatorNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:75 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (node) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode but \Graviton\Rql\Event\VisitNodeEvent::setNode() takes \Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode|null defined at vendor/graviton/php-rql-parser/src/Event/VisitNodeEvent.php:81
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:93 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getAlteredQueryNode is undeclared type \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:95 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\OrNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:99 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:99 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\OrNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:107 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:107 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\OrNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:110 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\OrNode but getAlteredQueryNode() is declared to return \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:139 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:151 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:162 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getField from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:177 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\DataType\Glob
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:177 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getValue from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:178 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getValue from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nRqlParsingListener.php:181 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getValue from undeclared class \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\AbstractNode
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Listener\I18nSerializationListener::dm has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:58 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:71 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreSerializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:73 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getObject from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\PreSerializeEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:85 PhanUndeclaredClassCatch Catching undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentNotFoundException
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getCode from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentNotFoundException
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getMessage from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentNotFoundException
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:109 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method detach from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:138 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\ObjectEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:140 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getObject from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\ObjectEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/I18nSerializationListener.php:151 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getVisitor from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\EventDispatcher\ObjectEvent
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EventDispatcher (\Symfony\Component\EventDispatcher\EventDispatcher)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:14 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Finder (\Symfony\Component\Finder\Finder)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:15 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Filesystem (\Symfony\Component\Filesystem\Filesystem)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:24 PhanUndeclaredInterface Class implements undeclared interface \Doctrine\Common\EventSubscriber
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:59 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Event\LifecycleEventArgs
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Listener/PostPersistTranslatableListener.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getObject from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Event\LifecycleEventArgs
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Translatable (\Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace MongoDB (\MongoDB)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace MongoCollection (\MongoCollection)
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:43 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\MongoDB\Database
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:45 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createCollection from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Database
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Migrations/MongoDB/Version20161122111410.php:73 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\MongoDB\Database
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:31 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Service\I18nCacheUtils::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:109 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:126 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:127 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:150 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:157 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:170 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method delete from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:178 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getCache is undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:211 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:212 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:216 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:221 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:305 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nCacheUtils.php:308 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method delete from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:50 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18NBundle\Service\I18nUtils::languageRepository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $request in __construct is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:66 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:126 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method findAll from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:172 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Service/I18nUtils.php:256 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (language) is \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableLanguage but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\Translatable::setLanguage() takes string defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Document/Translatable.php:190
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommandTest.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'domain' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommandTest.php:72 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'domain' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommandTest.php:105 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (languageRepo) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Command\CreateTranslationResourcesCommand::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:47
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommandTest.php:106 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (translatableRepo) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Command\CreateTranslationResourcesCommand::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:47
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommandTest.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (filesystem) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Command\CreateTranslationResourcesCommand::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Filesystem\Filesystem defined at src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Command/CreateTranslationResourcesCommand.php:47
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest.php:99 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest.php:113 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest.php:114 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest.php:115 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\ExternalTranslationDomainControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertcount
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:57 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:59 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:87 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertcount
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:114 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:116 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:119 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:120 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:122 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:123 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:148 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:149 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:153 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:159 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:160 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:165 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:166 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:167 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:168 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:172 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:173 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:174 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:175 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:201 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:202 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:226 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:227 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:228 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:249 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:250 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:251 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:268 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:269 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:270 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertFalse
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:286 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:287 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:290 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:291 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:292 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:294 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:295 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:296 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/LanguageControllerTest.php:297 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\LanguageControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableControllerTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableControllerTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableControllerTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableControllerTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Controller/TranslatableControllerTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Controller\TranslatableControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Service/I18nCacheUtilsTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Service\I18nCacheUtilsTest::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Service/I18nCacheUtilsTest.php:52 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Cache\ArrayCache to property but \Graviton\I18nBundle\Tests\Service\I18nCacheUtilsTest::cache is \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Service/I18nCacheUtilsTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\ArrayCache
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Service/I18nCacheUtilsTest.php:94 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Tests/Service/I18nCacheUtilsTest.php:113 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Translation/Loader/DoctrineODMLoader.php:25 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\I18nBundle\Translation\Loader\DoctrineODMLoader::repository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Translation/Loader/DoctrineODMLoader.php:34 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Translation/Loader/DoctrineODMLoader.php:44 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRepository is undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Translation/Loader/DoctrineODMLoader.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method findBy from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/I18nBundle/Translator/TranslatorFactory.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\Translation\TranslatorInterface::addResource
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/Helper/DocumentManager.php:22 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager::documentManager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/Helper/DocumentManager.php:27 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/Helper/DocumentManager.php:43 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDocumentManager is undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (output) is \Symfony\Component\Console\Output\OutputInterface but \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\MongodbMigrateCommand::getConfiguration() takes \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Output defined at src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:160
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:120 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getMigrations from undeclared class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\AntiMattr\MongoDB\Migrations\Configuration\Configuration (Did you mean class \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration or class \Graviton\CoreBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration or class \Graviton\ProxyBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration)
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:121 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\Console\Command\Command::setMigrationConfiguration
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:143 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type -1 but execute() is declared to return void
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:146 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type 0 but execute() is declared to return void
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:160 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Output
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:160 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getConfiguration is undeclared type \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\AntiMattr\MongoDB\Migrations\Configuration\Configuration (Did you mean class \Graviton\AnalyticsBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration or class \Graviton\CoreBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration or class \Graviton\ProxyBundle\DependencyInjection\Configuration)
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:164 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method writeln from undeclared class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Output
src/Graviton/MigrationBundle/Command/MongodbMigrateCommand.php:172 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getConnection from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Adapter/Guzzle/GuzzleAdapter.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Http\Message\RequestInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Adapter/Guzzle/GuzzleAdapter.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of send is undeclared type \Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Controller/ProxyController.php:105 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of proxyAction is undeclared type \Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Controller/ProxyController.php:159 PhanUndeclaredClassCatch Catching undeclared class \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Exception\TransformationException
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Controller/ProxyController.php:164 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (previous) is \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Exception\TransformationException|\Throwable but \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Exception\NotFoundHttpException::__construct() takes ?\Exception defined at vendor/symfony/symfony/src/Symfony/Component/HttpKernel/Exception/NotFoundHttpException.php:24
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategy.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace AbstractObject (\Swagger\Object\AbstractObject)
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:41 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:53 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:104 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:107 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setNamespace from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:158 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:159 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:162 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Request
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:164 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (request) is \GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Request but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::fetchFile() takes \Psr\Http\Message\RequestInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:193
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:173 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getUri from undeclared class \GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Request
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:174 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getUri from undeclared class \GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Request
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:175 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getUri from undeclared class \GuzzleHttp\Psr7\Request
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:193 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Http\Message\RequestInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:200 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:203 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:207 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getRequestTarget from undeclared class \Psr\Http\Message\RequestInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:208 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getStatusCode from undeclared class \Psr\Http\Message\ResponseInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/LoaderInterface.php:48 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Service/TransformationHandler.php:48 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of transformRequest has undeclared type \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Service\TransformationException
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategyTest.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ApiDefinition (\Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\ApiDefinition)
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategyTest.php:36 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (document) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\DispersalStrategy\SwaggerStrategy::__construct() takes \Swagger\Document defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategy.php:40
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategyTest.php:125 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategyTest.php:173 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (document) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\DispersalStrategy\SwaggerStrategy::__construct() takes \Swagger\Document defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/DispersalStrategy/SwaggerStrategy.php:40
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:28 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Tests\Definition\Loader\HttpLoaderTest::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:51 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject to property but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Tests\Definition\Loader\HttpLoaderTest::logger is \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:53 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Validator\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:53 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (client) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \GuzzleHttp\Client defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:71 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Validator\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:71 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (client) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \GuzzleHttp\Client defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:81 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (validator) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Validator\Validator\ValidatorInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:81 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (client) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::__construct() takes \GuzzleHttp\Client defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:76
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:90 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Tests\Definition\Loader\HttpLoaderTest::testLoadShallNotReturnNull is declared to return \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader but has no return value
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:104 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::setDispersalStrategy() takes \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\DispersalStrategy\DispersalStrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:90
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:132 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::setDispersalStrategy() takes \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\DispersalStrategy\DispersalStrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:90
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:157 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:159 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (strategy) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::setDispersalStrategy() takes \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\DispersalStrategy\DispersalStrategyInterface defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:90
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:167 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:171 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Tests/Definition/Loader/HttpLoaderTest.php:173 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (cache) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Definition\Loader\HttpLoader::setCache() takes \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Definition/Loader/HttpLoader.php:104
src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Transformation/BodyMapping.php:53 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (raw) is string but \Graviton\ProxyBundle\Service\MappingTransformer::transform() takes array|object defined at src/Graviton/ProxyBundle/Service/MappingTransformer.php:43
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/DependencyInjection/GravitonRabbitMqExtension.php:45 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type false but prepend() is declared to return void
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:14 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Response (\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:22 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EventStatus (\GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatus)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:91 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::documentManager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:101 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::workerRelativeUrl has undeclared type \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:149 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:196 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:202 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \OldSound\RabbitMqBundle\RabbitMq\ProducerInterface::getChannel
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:302 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:303 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:344 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:393 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:394 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method withHost from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:395 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getHost from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:396 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getScheme from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:397 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getPort from undeclared class \Zend\Diactoros\Uri
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Producer/DummyChannel.php:22 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Producer\DummyChannel::__call is declared to return mixed but has no return value
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Service/DumpConsumer.php:29 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \PhpAmqpLib\Message\AMQPMessage
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Service/DumpConsumer.php:43 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method get_properties from undeclared class \PhpAmqpLib\Message\AMQPMessage
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Dummy (\Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Producer\Dummy)
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:56 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:65 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:66 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:96 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:97 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:98 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:107 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:108 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:118 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:119 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:148 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:149 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:168 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:170 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:177 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:178 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:203 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:218 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:220 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertNotContains
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:221 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:226 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:229 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:230 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:231 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:232 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:247 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:251 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:257 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Controller/EventStatusControllerTest.php:261 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Tests\Controller\EventStatusControllerTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/DocumentEventMapCompilerPassTest.php:58 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.document.type.extref.mapping' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/DocumentEventMapCompilerPassTest.php:63 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.document.eventmap' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/DocumentEventMapCompilerPassTest.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\DocumentEventMapCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/DocumentEventMapCompilerPass.php:24
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:109 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Callback|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:148 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (rabbitMqProducer) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \OldSound\RabbitMqBundle\RabbitMq\ProducerInterface defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:149 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (router) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\Routing\RouterInterface defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:150 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (requestStack) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\RequestStack defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:151 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 4 (documentManager) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:152 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 5 (extRefConverter) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Service\ExtReferenceConverter defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:153 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 6 (queueEventDocument) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Document\QueueEvent defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:169 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 13 (securityUtils) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::__construct() takes \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Service\SecurityUtils defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:119
src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Tests/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListenerTest.php:173 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RabbitMqBundle\Listener\EventStatusLinkResponseListener::onKernelResponse() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\FilterResponseEvent defined at src/Graviton/RabbitMqBundle/Listener/EventStatusLinkResponseListener.php:160
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:256 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:266 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Exception\ValidationExceptionError::getId
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:269 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Exception\ValidationExceptionError::setId
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:279 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (documentId) is \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel::updateRecord() takes string defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:213
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:286 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Exception\ValidationExceptionError::getId
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:301 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:313 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (documentId) is \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel::getSerialised() takes string defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:183
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:338 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (documentId) is \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number but \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel::updateRecord() takes string defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:213
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:344 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\JsonSchemaBundle\Exception\ValidationExceptionError::getId
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:357 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\Number
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Controller/RestController.php:449 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $response in render is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Event/ModelEvent.php:82 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\RestBundle\Event\ModelEvent::setActionByDispatchName is declared to return string but has no return value
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:13 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SelectNode (\Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\SelectNode)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:22 PhanUndeclaredInterface Class implements undeclared interface \JMS\Serializer\Exclusion\ExclusionStrategyInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:89 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:109 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:109 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Metadata\ClassMetadata
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:121 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:121 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Metadata\PropertyMetadata
src/Graviton/RestBundle/ExclusionStrategy/SelectExclusionStrategy.php:129 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDepth from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/GravitonRestBundle.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace PassConfig (\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Compiler\PassConfig)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/GravitonRestBundle.php:13 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace MisdGuzzleBundle (\Misd\GuzzleBundle\MisdGuzzleBundle)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/GravitonRestBundle.php:15 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RqlQueryDecoratorCompilerPass (\Graviton\RestBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\RqlQueryDecoratorCompilerPass)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/CorsResponseListener.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RestEvent (\Graviton\RestBundle\Event\RestEvent)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/PagingLinkResponseListener.php:145 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\PagingLinkResponseListener::generateLink is declared to return string but has no return value
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListener.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace AbstractNode (\Xiag\Rql\Parser\AbstractNode)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/SelfLinkResponseListener.php:15 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RestEvent (\Graviton\RestBundle\Event\RestEvent)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:26 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\WriteLockListener::logger has undeclared type \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:36 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\WriteLockListener::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:98 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:98 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:135 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:140 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:143 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:147 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:155 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:156 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:172 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method delete from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/WriteLockListener.php:173 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Monolog\Logger
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:55 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel::repository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:67 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel::manager has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:101 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRepository is undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:113 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:116 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDocumentManager from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:141 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:144 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:164 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method find from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:183 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $request in getSerialised is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:218 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method detach from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:219 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method clear from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:222 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method merge from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:224 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:225 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:257 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method detach from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:258 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method clear from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:276 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:288 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:323 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:324 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassMetadata from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:343 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:344 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDocumentName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:385 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:395 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassMetadata from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/DocumentModel.php:396 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/ModelInterface.php:27 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/ModelInterface.php:34 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRepository is undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Model/ModelInterface.php:80 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\Number
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Handler/HandlerInterface.php:32 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Handler/HandlerInterface.php:32 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getValue is undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Restriction\Handler\AbstractQueryNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Handler/Whoami.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Handler/Whoami.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getValue is undeclared type \Graviton\RestBundle\Restriction\Handler\AbstractQueryNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:60 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:60 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of handle is undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\AndNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:62 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:71 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\AndNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:85 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:96 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\AbstractQueryNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Restriction/Manager.php:97 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/ContextFactoryAbstract.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Exclusion\ExclusionStrategyInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/ContextFactoryAbstract.php:131 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/ContextFactoryAbstract.php:131 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of workOnInstance is undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/ContextFactoryAbstract.php:133 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setSerializeNull from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/ContextFactoryAbstract.php:146 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant DEFAULT_GROUP from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Exclusion\GroupsExclusionStrategy
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/SerializationContextFactory.php:16 PhanUndeclaredInterface Class implements undeclared interface \JMS\Serializer\ContextFactory\SerializationContextFactoryInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/SerializationContextFactory.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of createSerializationContext is undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/SerializationContextFactory.php:26 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \JMS\Serializer\Context but createSerializationContext() is declared to return \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Serializer/SerializationContextFactory.php:26 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method create from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\SerializationContext
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:24 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:27 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method get from undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:28 PhanUndeclaredClassCatch Catching undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer\InvalidPointerException
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:29 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (message) is \Rs\Json\Pointer\InvalidPointerException|\Throwable but \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\InvalidJsonPatchException::__construct() takes string defined at src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/InvalidJsonPatchException.php:25
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:30 PhanUndeclaredClassCatch Catching undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer\NonexistentValueReferencedException
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:48 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method get from undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:49 PhanUndeclaredClassCatch Catching undeclared class \Rs\Json\Pointer\NonexistentValueReferencedException
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/JsonPatchValidator.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (message) is \Rs\Json\Pointer\NonexistentValueReferencedException|\Throwable but \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\InvalidJsonPatchException::__construct() takes string defined at src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/InvalidJsonPatchException.php:25
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Service\QueryService::queryBuilder has undeclared type \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:57 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Service\QueryService::repository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:87 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:87 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of getWithRequest has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\MongoDBException
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:97 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\Aggregation\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:102 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:102 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method hydrate from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:104 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method execute from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:112 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:123 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method field from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:125 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:172 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:173 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\AndNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:174 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQueries from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\AndNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:184 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\Rql\Visitor\VisitorInterface::setRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:188 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:191 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:192 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method sort from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:196 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:197 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method skip from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:198 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method limit from undeclared class \Doctrine\MongoDB\Query\Builder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:209 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRqlQuery is undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:217 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:218 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:221 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:227 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\LogicOperator\AndNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:235 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setQuery from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:248 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassMetadata from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:282 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:285 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Exception\SyntaxErrorException
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:304 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getOffset from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:315 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getPaginationLimitNode is undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:320 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:320 PhanUndeclaredClassInstanceof Checking instanceof against undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:320 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/QueryService.php:321 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:47 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Service\RestUtils::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:57 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Service\RestUtils::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\RestBundle\Service\RestUtils::cacheProvider has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:124 PhanParamSuspiciousOrder Argument #2 of this call to \strpos is typically a literal or constant but isn't, but argument #1 (which is typically a variable) is a literal or constant. The arguments may be in the wrong order.
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:146 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method serialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:157 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method alert from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:175 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method deserialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:308 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getSerializer is undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:321 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:342 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:358 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:369 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtils.php:456 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (message) is \Exception|\Throwable but \Graviton\ExceptionBundle\Exception\SerializationException::__construct() takes string defined at src/Graviton/ExceptionBundle/Exception/SerializationException.php:25
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Service/RestUtilsInterface.php:59 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getSerializer is undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Subscriber/RestEventSubscriber.php:100 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\EventDispatcher\Event::getRequest
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Subscriber/RestEventSubscriber.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\EventDispatcher\Event::getRequest
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:44 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:79 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertCount
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/GroupSerializationTest.php:82 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\GroupSerializationTest::assertContains
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:44 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:58 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:59 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:91 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:110 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Controller/RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest.php:129 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\RestBundle\Tests\Controller\RestrictedFieldsWhoIsTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RestServicesCompilerPassTest.php:36 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RestServicesCompilerPassTest.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RestServicesCompilerPassTest.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 2 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RestServicesCompilerPassTest.php:44 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\RestServicesCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RestServicesCompilerPass.php:25
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RqlQueryRoutesCompilerPassTest.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'graviton.rest.services' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RqlQueryRoutesCompilerPassTest.php:46 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is string but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RqlQueryRoutesCompilerPassTest.php:49 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\RqlQueryRoutesCompilerPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/RqlQueryRoutesCompilerPass.php:24
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/GravitonRestBundleTest.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace MisdGuzzleBundle (\Misd\GuzzleBundle\MisdGuzzleBundle)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/GravitonRestBundleTest.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace PassConfig (\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Compiler\PassConfig)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/GravitonRestBundleTest.php:64 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsInstanceOf|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/GravitonRestBundleTest.php:70 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsInstanceOf|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/GravitonRestBundleTest.php:74 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\GravitonRestBundle::build() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/GravitonRestBundle.php:48
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/HttpFoundation/LinkHeaderTest.php:85 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (headerValue) is string[] but \Graviton\RestBundle\HttpFoundation\LinkHeader::fromString() takes string defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/HttpFoundation/LinkHeader.php:41
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/JsonRequestListenerTest.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\JsonRequestListener::onKernelRequest() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Event\RestEvent defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/JsonRequestListener.php:24
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setLimit from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Query (Did you mean class \MongoDB\Driver\Query)
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:95 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:95 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addNode from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:96 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\LimitNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:100 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:100 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addNode from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:101 PhanUndeclaredClassConstant Reference to constant SORT_ASC from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\SortNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:101 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\SortNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method addNode from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\QueryBuilder
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlAllowedOperatorRequestListenerTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Xiag\Rql\Parser\Node\Query\ScalarOperator\EqNode
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlQueryRequestListenerTest.php:41 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (requestListener) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\RqlQueryRequestListener::__construct() takes \Graviton\RqlParserBundle\Listener\RequestListenerInterface defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/RqlQueryRequestListener.php:35
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/RqlQueryRequestListenerTest.php:42 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\RqlQueryRequestListener::onKernelRequest() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\GetResponseEvent defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/RqlQueryRequestListener.php:47
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/SpecialMimetypeRequestListenerTest.php:43 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/SpecialMimetypeRequestListenerTest.php:46 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\SpecialMimetypeRequestListener::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Container defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/SpecialMimetypeRequestListener.php:29
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/SpecialMimetypeRequestListenerTest.php:47 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\SpecialMimetypeRequestListener::onKernelRequest() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Event\RestEvent defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/SpecialMimetypeRequestListener.php:42
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/XVersionResponseListenerTest.php:42 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\XVersionResponseListener::onKernelResponse() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\FilterResponseEvent defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/XVersionResponseListener.php:40
src/Graviton/RestBundle/Tests/Listener/XVersionResponseListenerTest.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\RestBundle\Listener\XVersionResponseListener::onKernelResponse() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Event\FilterResponseEvent defined at src/Graviton/RestBundle/Listener/XVersionResponseListener.php:40
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:51 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:72 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $fields in getSerializedEntity is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of getSerializedEntity has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\LockException
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:76 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method createQueryBuilder from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:91 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getRepository from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentManager (Did you mean class \Graviton\MigrationBundle\Command\Helper\DocumentManager)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintUtils.php:110 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $fields in getCurrentEntity is phpdoc param type array which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?array declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:47 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Document\Schema::properties has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:220 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:491 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Document\SchemaEnum but getEnum() is declared to return array
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:638 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method set from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:650 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method containsKey from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:651 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method remove from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:667 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method get from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:675 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getProperties is undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/Schema.php:677 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method isEmpty from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Document/SchemaEnum.php:37 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array but getValues() is declared to return \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Document\Schema|bool
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:23 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Listener\SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:36 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:59 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:62 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:69 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method delete from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaCacheInvalidationResponseListener.php:74 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaContentTypeResponseListener.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Exception (\Symfony\Component\Config\Definition\Exception\Exception)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Listener/SchemaContentTypeResponseListener.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type true but onKernelResponse() is declared to return void
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Model/SchemaModel.php:69 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Model/SchemaModel.php:83 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \stdClass but getTitle() is declared to return string
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TranslatableDocumentInterface (\Graviton\I18nBundle\Document\TranslatableDocumentInterface)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:38 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\SchemaUtils::languageRepository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\SchemaUtils::serializer has undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:86 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\SchemaUtils::serializerMetadataFactory has undeclared type \Metadata\MetadataFactoryInterface
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:91 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SchemaBundle\SchemaUtils::cache has undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:119 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Metadata\MetadataFactoryInterface
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:193 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:194 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:198 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method contains from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:199 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method fetch from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:224 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassMetadata from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:230 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:244 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:248 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:249 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getClassName from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:258 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method findAll from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:330 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getDocumentName from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:452 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method serialize from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\Serializer
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:455 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:456 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method save from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Cache\CacheProvider
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/SchemaUtils.php:533 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getMetadataForClass from undeclared class \Metadata\MetadataFactoryInterface
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaAdditionalPropertiesHandler.php:33 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaAdditionalPropertiesHandler.php:33 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaAdditionalPropertiesHandler.php:44 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method visitBoolean from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaAdditionalPropertiesHandler.php:49 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method getNavigator from undeclared class \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaEnumHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaEnumHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaEnumHandler.php:36 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Document\Schema|bool but serializeSchemaEnumToJson() is declared to return array
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaTypeHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\Context
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Serializer/Handler/SchemaTypeHandler.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \JMS\Serializer\JsonSerializationVisitor
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Service/RepositoryFactory.php:37 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of get is undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Service/RepositoryFactory.php:39 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Doctrine\Bundle\MongoDBBundle\ManagerRegistry::getRepository
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/ConstraintBuilder/ConstraintBuilderTest.php:46 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/ConstraintBuilder/ConstraintBuilderTest.php:49 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 3 (model) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Constraint\ConstraintBuilder::addConstraints() takes \Graviton\RestBundle\Model\DocumentModel defined at src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Constraint/ConstraintBuilder.php:45
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:54 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:76 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:84 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:96 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:97 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:111 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:112 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:130 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:131 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:141 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:142 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest.php:151 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\IncrementalDateFieldConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RecordOriginConstraint (\Graviton\SchemaBundle\Constraint\RecordOriginConstraint)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:75 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:80 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:81 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:117 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:118 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:124 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:152 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:153 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:169 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:170 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:376 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:387 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:421 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:426 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/RecordOriginConstraintTest.php:427 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\RecordOriginConstraintTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Response (\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response)
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:30 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaCacheInvalidationTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaCacheInvalidationTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:34 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaCacheInvalidationTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:61 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaCacheInvalidationTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaCacheInvalidationTest.php:64 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaCacheInvalidationTest::assertObjectHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaConstraintsTest.php:38 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaConstraintsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaConstraintsTest.php:39 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaConstraintsTest::assertNull
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaConstraintsTest.php:47 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaConstraintsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaConstraintsTest.php:49 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaConstraintsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Controller/SchemaConstraintsTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Tests\Controller\SchemaConstraintsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Service/RepositoryFactoryTest.php:30 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is 'BundleName:Document' but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Tests/Service/RepositoryFactoryTest.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (managerRegistry) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SchemaBundle\Service\RepositoryFactory::__construct() takes \Doctrine\Bundle\MongoDBBundle\ManagerRegistry defined at src/Graviton/SchemaBundle/Service/RepositoryFactory.php:25
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Provider/AuthenticationProvider.php:58 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method findOneBy from undeclared class \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Provider/AuthenticationProviderDummy.php:49 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \stdClass but loadUserByUsername() is declared to return \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\User\UserInterface|false
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:65 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\SecurityAuthenticator::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:137 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method warning from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:143 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:153 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:156 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticator.php:166 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method warning from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategy.php:69 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{0:'ROLE_GRAVITON_USER'} but getRoles() is declared to return \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Role\Role[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/HeaderFieldStrategy.php:52 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{0:'ROLE_GRAVITON_USER'} but getRoles() is declared to return \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Role\Role[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategy.php:71 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRoles is undeclared type \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\Role[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategy.php:73 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{0:'ROLE_GRAVITON_USER',1:'ROLE_GRAVITON_SUBNET_USER'} but getRoles() is declared to return \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\Role[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Command/AuthenticationKeyFinderCommand.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ConsoleLogger (\Symfony\Component\Console\Logger\ConsoleLogger)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Command/AuthenticationKeyFinderCommand.php:13 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ContainerInterface (\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Controller/WhoAmIController.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SecurityUser (\Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUser)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Controller/WhoAmIController.php:43 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method getUser on non-class type string
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/AuthenticationKeyFinderPass.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace MultiStrategy (\Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\MultiStrategy)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/AuthenticationKeyFinderPass.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Definition::warning
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/GravitonSecurityBundle.php:9 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace AuthenticationPass (\Graviton\SecurityBundle\DependencyInjection\AuthenticationPass)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Listener\AuthenticationLogger::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:30 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:57 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Listener\AuthenticationLogger::onAuthenticationFailure is declared to return \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response but has no return value
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:62 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method warning from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:84 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method info from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Service/SecurityUtils.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace PreAuthenticatedToken (\Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\PreAuthenticatedToken)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:15 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace AnonymousUser (\Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\AnonymousUser)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:17 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SubnetUser (\Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SubnetUser)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:18 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCase (\PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:20 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace PreAuthenticatedToken (\Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Authentication\Token\PreAuthenticatedToken)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:35 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\SecurityAuthenticatorTest::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/SecurityAuthenticatorTest.php:48 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject to property but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\SecurityAuthenticatorTest::logger is \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyProxy.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Role (\Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Role\Role)
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyProxy.php:31 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (header) is string but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategy::extractFieldInfo() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\HeaderBag|\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\ParameterBag defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategy.php:36
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyProxy.php:44 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (header) is string but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategy::validateField() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\HeaderBag|\Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\ParameterBag defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategy.php:55
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:29 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::expectException
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::once
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::equalTo
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::once
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:57 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::equalTo
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:62 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\AbstractHttpStrategyTest::expectException
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/AbstractHttpStrategyTest.php:73 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{field not in header:array{0:''},field empty:array{0:'\n'},field has invalid content (whitespaces):array{0:'\n\t\r\n \\s'}} but fieldInfoProvider() is declared to return string[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:30 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::setUp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\CookieFieldStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\CookieFieldStrategyTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:82 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{plain string, no special chars:array{0:'exampleAuthenticationHeader'},string with special chars:array{0:'$-_.+!*\'\x28\x29,\x7b\x7d\x7c\\^\x7e\x5b\x5d\x60\x3c\x3e#%;/?:\x40&=.'},string with octal chars:array{0:'a: a, A: A'},string with hex chars:array{0:'a: a, A: A'}} but stringProvider() is declared to return string[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:125 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\CookieFieldStrategyTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/CookieFieldStrategyTest.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{testing extract username:array{0:'someId123_test',1:'username=testUser;finnova_id=someId123_test'},testing extract rev username:array{0:'someId123_foo',1:'finnova_id=someId123_foo;username=someOtherUser'},trailing simicolon test:array{0:'someId123_bar',1:'finnova_id=someId123_bar;username=test-mdm;'}} but stringExtractProvider() is declared to return string[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/HeaderFieldStrategyTest.php:32 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\HeaderFieldStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/HeaderFieldStrategyTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\HeaderFieldStrategyTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/HeaderFieldStrategyTest.php:64 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{plain string, no special chars:array{0:'exampleAuthenticationHeader'},string with special chars:array{0:'$-_.+!*\'\x28\x29,\x7b\x7d\x7c\\^\x7e\x5b\x5d\x60\x3c\x3e#%;/?:\x40&=.'},string with octal chars:array{0:'a: a, A: A'},string with hex chars:array{0:'a: a, A: A'}} but stringProvider() is declared to return string[]
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/MultiStrategyTest.php:30 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::setUp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/MultiStrategyTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\MultiStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/MultiStrategyTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\MultiStrategyTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:31 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::setUp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:33 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\SameSubnetStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:51 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\SameSubnetStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:55 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\SameSubnetStrategyTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:68 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\SameSubnetStrategyTest::createClient
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Authentication/Strategies/SameSubnetStrategyTest.php:71 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Authentication\Strategies\SameSubnetStrategyTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Command/AuthenticationKeyFinderCommandTest.php:80 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (kernel) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Console\Application::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\KernelInterface defined at vendor/symfony/symfony/src/Symfony/Bundle/FrameworkBundle/Console/Application.php:36
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:59 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:72 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:74 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:75 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:89 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:104 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:105 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:106 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:107 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:121 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:135 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertSame
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:136 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:137 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:138 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertObjectNotHasAttribute
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:152 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Controller/WhoAmIControllerTest.php:158 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Controller\WhoAmIControllerTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/AuthenticationKeyFinderPassTest.php:32 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/DependencyInjection/Compiler/AuthenticationKeyFinderPassTest.php:96 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\DependencyInjection\Compiler\AuthenticationKeyFinderPass::process() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/DependencyInjection/Compiler/AuthenticationKeyFinderPass.php:29
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:26 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:39 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:44 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::never
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:46 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::never
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityAnonymousTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityAnonymousTest::returnValue
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityUserTest.php:26 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUserTest::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityUserTest.php:41 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUserTest::assertInternalType
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityUserTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUserTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityUserTest.php:65 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUserTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Entities/SecurityUserTest.php:77 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Entities\SecurityUserTest::assertEmpty
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/GravitonSecurityBundleTest.php:44 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsInstanceOf|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/GravitonSecurityBundleTest.php:48 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\GravitonSecurityBundle::build() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/GravitonSecurityBundle.php:40
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:17 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\AuthenticationLoggerTest::logger has undeclared type \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:53 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:62 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Listener\AuthenticationLogger::onAuthenticationFailure() takes \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Event\AuthenticationFailureEvent defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:57
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:70 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:92 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:101 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Listener\AuthenticationLogger::onAuthenticationSuccess() takes \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Event\AuthenticationEvent defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:79
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:126 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method expects from undeclared class \Psr\Log\LoggerInterface
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Listener/AuthenticationLoggerTest.php:135 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (event) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Listener\AuthenticationLogger::onAuthenticationSuccess() takes \Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Event\AuthenticationEvent defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Listener/AuthenticationLogger.php:79
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:30 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::getContainer
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:42 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:45 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:48 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:50 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertNotEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:51 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertNotEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:52 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertNotEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:66 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertRegExp
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/Service/SecurityUtilsTest.php:67 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\SecurityBundle\Tests\Listener\SecurityUtilsTest::assertEquals
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/User/Model/ModelFactoryTest.php:36 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/User/Model/ModelFactoryTest.php:50 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (arguments) is \Countable|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\Constraint|\PHPUnit\Framework\Constraint\IsEqual|\PHPUnit\Framework\SelfDescribing but \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\Builder\InvocationMocker::with() takes array defined at vendor/phpunit/phpunit/src/Framework/MockObject/Builder/InvocationMocker.php:189
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/User/Model/ModelFactoryTest.php:53 PhanTypeMismatchArgument Argument 1 (container) is \PHPUnit\Framework\MockObject\MockObject|\PHPUnit_Framework_MockObject_MockObject but \Graviton\SecurityBundle\User\Model\ModelFactory::__construct() takes \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface defined at src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/ModelFactory.php:29
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/Tests/User/Model/ModelFactoryTest.php:69 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type array{no service id provided:array{0:null,1:'Graviton\\SecurityBundle\\User\\Model\\NullModel'},some service id provided:array{0:string,1:'Graviton\\SecurityBundle\\User\\Model\\NullModel'}} but modelServiceIdProvider() is declared to return string
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \Graviton\SecurityBundle\User\Model\NullModel::repository has undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:33 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:43 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRepository is undeclared type \Doctrine\ODM\MongoDB\DocumentRepository
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:57 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type void but find() is declared to return object
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:94 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type void but updateRecord() is declared to return object
src/Graviton/SecurityBundle/User/Model/NullModel.php:104 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Graviton\SecurityBundle\User\Model\Number
src/Graviton/SwaggerBundle/Composer/ScriptHandler.php:27 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $event in generateSwaggerJson contains phpdoc param type \Graviton\SwaggerBundle\Composer\CommandEvent which is incompatible with the param type \Composer\Script\Event declared in the signature
src/Graviton/SwaggerBundle/Composer/ScriptHandler.php:27 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Composer\Script\Event
src/Graviton/SwaggerBundle/Controller/SwaggerController.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeThrowsType @throws type of swaggerAction has undeclared type \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Exception\FatalErrorException
src/Graviton/SwaggerBundle/Controller/SwaggerController.php:51 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Symfony\Component\HttpKernel\Exception\FatalErrorException
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:23 PhanUndeclaredExtendedClass Class extends undeclared class \Liip\FunctionalTestBundle\Test\WebTestCase
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:42 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of createKernel is undeclared type \Graviton\AppKernel
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:49 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Graviton\AppKernel
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:50 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method setBundleLoader from undeclared class \Graviton\AppKernel
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:51 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method boot from undeclared class \Graviton\AppKernel
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:69 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\GravitonTestCase::getMockBuilder
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/GravitonTestCase.php:84 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\GravitonTestCase::loadFixtures
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:38 PhanUndeclaredStaticMethod Static call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\GravitonTestCase::createClient
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:40 PhanUndeclaredStaticProperty Static property 'kernel' on \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase is undeclared
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:56 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::assertEquals
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:73 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::assertEquals
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:74 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::assertEquals
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:91 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::assertEquals
src/Graviton/TestBundle/Test/RestTestCase.php:92 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \Graviton\TestBundle\Test\RestTestCase::assertEquals
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Config (\GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\Config)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadConfigData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigAppEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigBase::getRef (Did you mean expr->getKey())
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $app in setApp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigApp which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigAppEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\ConfigEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ConfigBundle/Document/ConfigEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ConfigBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Customer (\GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadCustomerData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:71 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:76 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::addedField has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:86 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::createDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:93 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:230 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase::addGroup is declared to return \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:256 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:268 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:284 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getAddedfield is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:296 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:325 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $someObject in setSomeobject contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObject which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:341 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getCreatedate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerBase.php:353 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerSomeObjectEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/CustomerBundle/Document/CustomerSomeObjectEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbedded (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbedded)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $document in setDocument contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntity which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReference (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReference)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsDeepReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbedded (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbedded)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $document in setDocument contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntity which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestDocumentAsReference (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReference)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle/Document/EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestDocumentAsReferenceBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestEntity (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntity)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestEntityData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\EmbedTestEntityEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestEntityBundle/Document/EmbedTestEntityEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestEntityBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EmbedTestHashAsEmbedded (\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbedded)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::documents is \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocuments[]
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $document in setDocument contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocument which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:127 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::documents is \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocuments[]
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:127 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:141 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $document in addDocument contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocuments which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:141 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase::addDocument is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:153 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $document in removeDocument contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocuments which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBase.php:155 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocuments[]
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedDocumentsEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle/Document/EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EmbedTestHashAsEmbeddedBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EventStatusAction (\GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusAction)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventStatusActionData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusActionBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusActionBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusActionBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusActionBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\EventStatusActionEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusActionBundle/Document/EventStatusActionEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusActionBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::createDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:84 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:86 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::status is \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatus[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:87 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::information is \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformation[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:87 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:105 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getCreatedate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:117 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:202 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $eventResource in setEventresource contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResource which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:232 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::status is \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatus[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:232 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:246 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $status in addStatus contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatus which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:246 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::addStatus is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:258 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $status in removeStatus contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatus which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:260 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatus[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:286 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::information is \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformation[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:286 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:300 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $information in addInformation contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformation which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:300 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase::addInformation is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:312 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $information in removeInformation contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformation which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusBase.php:314 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformation[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusEventResourceEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusEventResourceEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusInformationEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusInformationEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusActionEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusBase.php:157 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $action in setAction contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusAction which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusActionEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\EventStatusStatusEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventStatusBundle/Document/EventStatusStatusEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventStatusBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace EventWorker (\GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorker)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadEventWorkerData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::subscription is \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscription[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::subscription is \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscription[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subscription in addSubscription contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscription which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase::addSubscription is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subscription in removeSubscription contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscription which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscription[]
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\EventWorkerSubscriptionEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/EventWorkerBundle/Document/EventWorkerSubscriptionEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\EventWorkerBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\ExternalLinksBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\ExternalLinksBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\ExternalLinksBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\ExternalLinksBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\ExternalLinksEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ExternalLinksBundle/Document/ExternalLinksEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ExternalLinksBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Controller/FileController.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RestController (\Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace File (\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\File)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadFileData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::links is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinks[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:97 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $metadata in setMetadata contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadata which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:127 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::links is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinks[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:127 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:141 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $link in addLink contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinks which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:141 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase::addLink is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:153 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $link in removeLink contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinks which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileBase.php:155 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinks[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:57 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:111 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksBase.php:123 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileLinksEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileLinksEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataActionEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::createDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:77 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::modificationDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:109 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:111 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::action is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAction[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:111 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:112 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::additionalProperties is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalProperties[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:112 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:200 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::action is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAction[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:200 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:214 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $action in addAction contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAction which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:214 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::addAction is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:226 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $action in removeAction contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAction which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataActionBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:228 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAction[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:268 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getCreatedate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:280 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:296 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getModificationdate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:308 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:450 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::additionalProperties is \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalProperties[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:450 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:464 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $additionalProperty in addAdditionalproperty contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalProperties which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:464 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase::addAdditionalproperty is declared to return \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:476 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $additionalProperty in removeAdditionalproperty contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalProperties which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalPropertiesBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataBase.php:478 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataAdditionalProperties[]
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\FileMetadataEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/FileBundle/Document/FileMetadataEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\FileBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace Module (\GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\Module)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadModuleData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleAppEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::getRef (Did you mean expr->getKey())
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:84 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:86 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::service is \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleService[]
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:145 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $app in setApp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleApp which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleAppEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:259 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::service is \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleService[]
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:259 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:273 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $service in addService contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleService which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:273 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase::addService is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:285 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $service in removeService contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleService which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleBase.php:287 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleService[]
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceBase.php:157 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $service in setService contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceService which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceServiceEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceServiceBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceServiceBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceServiceBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\ModuleServiceServiceEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ModuleBundle/Document/ModuleServiceServiceEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ModuleBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:79 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:81 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::defaultArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:82 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::optionalArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:82 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:83 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::requiredArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:83 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:84 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::notEmptyArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:84 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:144 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::defaultArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:144 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:158 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $defaultArray in addDefaultarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:158 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::addDefaultarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:170 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $defaultArray in removeDefaultarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:172 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:198 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::optionalArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:198 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:212 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalArray in addOptionalarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:212 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::addOptionalarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:224 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalArray in removeOptionalarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:226 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:252 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::requiredArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:252 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:266 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredArray in addRequiredarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:266 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::addRequiredarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:278 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredArray in removeRequiredarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:280 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:306 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::notEmptyArray is \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:306 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:320 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $notEmptyArray in addNotemptyarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:320 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase::addNotemptyarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:332 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $notEmptyArray in removeNotemptyarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestBase.php:334 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestDefaultArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestNotEmptyArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestOptionalArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedArrayTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedArrayTestRequiredArraySubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedArrayTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $defaultHash in setDefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalHash in setOptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredHash in setRequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestDefaultHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestOptionalHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:134 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subDefaultHash in setSubdefaulthash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subOptionalHash in setSuboptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashBase.php:192 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subRequiredHash in setSubrequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubDefaultHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubOptionalHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/NewEmbedHashTestBundle/Document/NewEmbedHashTestRequiredHashSubRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\NewEmbedHashTestBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/PersonContactBundle/Document/PersonContactEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace SecurityUser (\GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUser)
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadSecurityUserData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUserBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUserBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserBase.php:73 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUserBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUserBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\SecurityUserEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/SecurityUserBundle/Document/SecurityUserEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\SecurityUserBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Controller/ShowCaseController.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace RestController (\Graviton\RestBundle\Controller\RestController)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ShowCase (\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCase)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadShowCaseData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:87 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::modificationDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:122 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::unstructuredObject has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:149 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:151 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::contacts is \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContact[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:151 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:152 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedArray is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:152 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:153 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedApps is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedApps[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:153 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:154 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedCustomers is \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:154 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:368 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getModificationdate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:380 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:439 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::contacts is \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContact[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:439 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:453 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $contact in addContact contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContact which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:453 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::addContact is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:465 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $contact in removeContact contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContact which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContactBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:467 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\PersonContactBundle\Document\PersonContact[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:492 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $contactCode in setContactcode contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCode which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:522 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedArray is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:522 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:536 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedArray in addNestedarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:536 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::addNestedarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:548 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedArray in removeNestedarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:550 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:575 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deepNestedArray in setDeepnestedarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:604 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deepNestedProperty in setDeepnestedproperty contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedProperty which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:620 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getUnstructuredobject is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:632 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:662 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedApps is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedApps[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:662 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:676 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedApp in addNestedapp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedApps which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:676 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::addNestedapp is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:688 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedApp in removeNestedapp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedApps which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:690 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedApps[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:716 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::nestedCustomers is \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:716 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:730 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedCustomer in addNestedcustomer contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:730 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase::addNestedcustomer is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:742 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $nestedCustomer in removeNestedcustomer contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\CustomerBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseBase.php:744 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\CustomerBundle\Document\Customer[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeBase::someDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:83 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getSomedate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeBase.php:95 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseContactCodeEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseContactCodeEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $very in setVery contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVery which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::glorious is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGlorious[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::glorious is \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGlorious[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $glorious in addGlorious contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGlorious which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase::addGlorious is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $glorious in removeGlorious contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGlorious which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGlorious[]
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryDeepGloriousEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedArrayVeryEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $thisis in setThisis contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisis which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $one in setOne contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOne which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $goes in setGoes contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoes which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $very in setVery contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVery which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $down in setDown contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDown which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $thats in setThats contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThats which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepDownThatsEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseDeepNestedPropertyThisisOneGoesVeryEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedAppsEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedAppsEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\ShowCaseNestedArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/ShowCaseBundle/Document/ShowCaseNestedArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\ShowCaseBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::datetime has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:57 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::datetimes has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:84 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDatetime is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:96 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:112 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDatetimes is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:124 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:140 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase::addDatetime is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:140 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBase.php:152 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle/Document/TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDatetimeDeserializationBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseDeepEqualNaming (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNaming)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseDeepEqualNamingData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::level is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevel[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::level is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevel[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $level in addLevel contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevel which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase::addLevel is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $level in removeLevel contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevel which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevel[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::levela is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevela[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:67 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::levelb is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelb[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:67 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:99 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::levela is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevela[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:99 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:113 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levela in addLevela contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevela which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:113 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::addLevela is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:125 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levela in removeLevela contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevela which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:127 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevela[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:153 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::levelb is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelb[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:153 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:167 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levelb in addLevelb contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelb which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:167 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase::addLevelb is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:179 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levelb in removeLevelb contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelb which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelBase.php:181 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelb[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::levela1 is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::levela1 is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levela1 in addLevela1 contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1 which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase::addLevela1 is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levela1 in removeLevela1 contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1 which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Base but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Embedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Embedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelaLevela1Embedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::levelb1 is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::levelb1 is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levelb1 in addLevelb1 contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1 which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase::addLevelb1 is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $levelb1 in removeLevelb1 contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1 which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Base but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Embedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Embedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle/Document/TestCaseDeepEqualNamingLevelLevelbLevelb1Embedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseDeepEqualNamingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseElemMatchOperator (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperator)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseElemMatchOperatorData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:144 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase.php:156 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:71 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::array is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:71 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:131 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::array is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:131 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:145 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $array in addArray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:145 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase::addArray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:157 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $array in removeArray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:159 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBase.php:184 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:144 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase.php:156 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::array is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:126 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::array is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:126 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:140 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $array in addArray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:140 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase::addArray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:152 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $array in removeArray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepBase.php:154 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle/Document/TestCaseElemMatchOperatorEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseElemMatchOperatorBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseEmptyObject (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObject)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseEmptyObjectData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:57 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectBase::unstructured has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:96 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $hash in setHash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:112 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getUnstructured is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectBase.php:124 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\TestCaseEmptyObjectHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle/Document/TestCaseEmptyObjectHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseEmptyObjectBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseGroupSerialization (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerialization)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseGroupSerializationData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerializationBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerializationBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerializationBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerializationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\TestCaseGroupSerializationEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle/Document/TestCaseGroupSerializationEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseGroupSerializationBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBase.php:124 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $object in setObject contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObject which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectBase.php:124 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $object in setObject contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObject which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseIdReadOnlyObjectObjectEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIdReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraint (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraint)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase::mightyDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getMightydate is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle/Document/TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseIncrementalDateConstraintBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseNullExtref (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtref)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseNullExtrefData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:84 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:86 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::optionalExtrefArray is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:86 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:87 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::requiredExtrefArray is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:87 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:88 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::optionalExtrefDeep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:88 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:89 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::requiredExtrefDeep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:89 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:120 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalExtref in setOptionalextref contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtref which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:149 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredExtref in setRequiredextref contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtref which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:179 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::optionalExtrefArray is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:179 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:193 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalExtrefArray in addOptionalextrefarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:193 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::addOptionalextrefarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:205 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalExtrefArray in removeOptionalextrefarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:207 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:233 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::requiredExtrefArray is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:233 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:247 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredExtrefArray in addRequiredextrefarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:247 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::addRequiredextrefarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:259 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredExtrefArray in removeRequiredextrefarray contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArray which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:261 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArray[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:287 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::optionalExtrefDeep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:287 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:301 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalExtrefDeep in addOptionalextrefdeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:301 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::addOptionalextrefdeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:313 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalExtrefDeep in removeOptionalextrefdeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:315 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:341 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::requiredExtrefDeep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:341 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:355 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredExtrefDeep in addRequiredextrefdeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:355 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase::addRequiredextrefdeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:367 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredExtrefDeep in removeRequiredextrefdeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefBase.php:369 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefOptionalExtrefEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepBase.php:91 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseNullExtrefBundle/Document/TestCaseNullExtrefRequiredExtrefEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseNullExtrefBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCasePrimitiveArray (\GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArray)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCasePrimitiveArrayData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:67 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::datearray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::hasharray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:79 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:131 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::addIntarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:185 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::addStrarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:239 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::addBoolarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:265 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDatearray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:277 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:293 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::addDatearray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:293 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:305 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:319 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getHasharray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:331 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:347 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase::addHasharray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:347 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase.php:359 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:67 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::datearray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::hasharray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:87 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::rawData has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:94 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:101 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::arrayhash is \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhash[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:101 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:147 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addIntarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:201 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addStrarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:255 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addBoolarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:281 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDatearray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:293 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:309 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addDatearray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:309 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:321 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:335 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getHasharray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:347 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:363 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addHasharray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:363 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:375 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:402 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $hash in setHash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:432 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::arrayhash is \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhash[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:432 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:446 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $arrayhash in addArrayhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:446 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase::addArrayhash is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:458 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $arrayhash in removeArrayhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhashBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:460 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayArrayhash[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:472 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRawdata is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBase.php:484 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:67 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::datearray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:72 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::hasharray has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:79 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:131 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::addIntarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:185 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::addStrarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:239 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::addBoolarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:265 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getDatearray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:277 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:293 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::addDatearray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:293 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:305 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:319 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getHasharray is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:331 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash[] (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:347 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase::addHasharray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:347 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashBase.php:359 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\hash (Did you mean class \Graviton\DocumentBundle\Entity\Hash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle/Document/TestCasePrimitiveArrayHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCasePrimitiveArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseReadOnly (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnly)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseReadOnlyField (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyField)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseReadOnlyFieldData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:178 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase::addDeniedarray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBase.php:217 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deniedObject in setDeniedobject contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObject which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldDeniedObjectEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle/Document/TestCaseReadOnlyFieldEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseReadOnlyFieldBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseRequiredHash (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHash)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRequiredHashData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:129 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalHash in setOptionalhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashBase.php:158 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredHash in setRequiredhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredHashBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase::optional has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:79 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:154 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getOptional is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:166 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:195 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $requiredSubHash in setRequiredsubhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBase.php:224 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $optionalSubHash in setOptionalsubhash contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHash which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase::optional has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:144 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getOptional is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashBase.php:156 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashOptionalSubHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:62 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase::optional has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:144 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getOptional is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashBase.php:156 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle/Document/TestCaseRequiredSubHashRequiredSubHashEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRequiredSubHashBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseRestrictedFields (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFields)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseRestrictedFieldsData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:74 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:76 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::arrField is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrField[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:76 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:163 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $subObj in setSubobj contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObj which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:193 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::arrField is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrField[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:193 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:207 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $arrField in addArrfield contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrField which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:207 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase::addArrfield is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:219 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $arrField in removeArrfield contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrField which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrFieldBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBase.php:221 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsArrField[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle/Document/TestCaseRestrictedFieldsSubObjEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseRestrictedFieldsBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:124 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase.php:536 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase::addArraycount is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaConstraintsEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaConstraintsBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:66 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::apps is \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:66 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:126 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::apps is \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:126 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:140 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::addApp is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:140 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App (Did you mean class \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App or class \Graviton\CoreBundle\Model\App)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:142 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning array<int,\GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App> to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase::apps is \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:152 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App (Did you mean class \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App or class \Graviton\CoreBundle\Model\App)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBase.php:154 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \Graviton\CoreBundle\Document\App[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle/Document/TestCaseSchemaInvalidationEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseSchemaInvalidationBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseTranslatableArray (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArray)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseTranslatableArrayData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:145 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase::addArray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBase.php:184 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in setDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::deep is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in addDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase::addDeep is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $deep in removeDeep contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeep which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeep[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase.php:140 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase::addArray is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayDeepEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableArrayEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableArrayEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableArrayBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableExternalDomainBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle/Document/TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseTranslatableRequiredSettingBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseVersioningEntity (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntity)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseVersioningEntityData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntityBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntityBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityBase.php:64 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntityBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntityBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\TestCaseVersioningEntityEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle/Document/TestCaseVersioningEntityEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseVersioningEntityBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseXDynamicKeyApp (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyApp)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyAppData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyAppBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace TestCaseXDynamicKey (\GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:33 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParamNullable Doc-block of $container in setContainer is phpdoc param type \Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface which is not a permitted replacement of the nullable param type ?\Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerInterface declared in the signature ('?T' should be documented as 'T|null' or '?T')
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:45 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:80 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method persist from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:81 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/DataFixtures/MongoDB/LoadTestCaseXDynamicKeyData.php:90 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method flush from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Persistence\ObjectManager
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:61 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::apps is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntry[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:61 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:93 PhanTypeMismatchProperty Assigning \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection to property but \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::apps is \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntry[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:93 PhanUndeclaredClassMethod Call to method __construct from undeclared class \Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:107 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $app in addApp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntry which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:107 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase::addApp is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:119 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $app in removeApp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntry which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBase.php:121 PhanNonClassMethodCall Call to method removeElement on non-class type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntry[]
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:52 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase::ref has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:59 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:78 PhanUndeclaredTypeReturnType Return type of getRef is undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppBase.php:90 PhanUndeclaredTypeParameter Parameter of undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\extref
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:8 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace ArrayCollection (\Doctrine\Common\Collections\ArrayCollection)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:10 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace JsonDeserializationVisitor (\JMS\Serializer\JsonDeserializationVisitor)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:11 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace DeserializationContext (\JMS\Serializer\DeserializationContext)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:12 PhanUnreferencedUseNormal Possibly zero references to use statement for classlike/namespace XDynamicKey (\Graviton\GeneratorBundle\Generator\ResourceGenerator\XDynamicKey)
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:35 PhanUndeclaredMethod Call to undeclared method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase::getRef
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:46 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase::deletedDate has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\Date
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:69 PhanTypeMissingReturn Method \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase::__construct is declared to return \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase but has no return value
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBase.php:101 PhanTypeMismatchDeclaredParam Doc-block of $app in setApp contains phpdoc param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryApp which is incompatible with the param type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryAppEmbedded declared in the signature
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryEmbedded.php:24 PhanUndeclaredTypeProperty Property \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryEmbedded::realId has undeclared type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\MongoId
src/GravitonDyn/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle/Document/TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryEmbedded.php:56 PhanTypeMismatchReturn Returning type \GravitonDyn\TestCaseXDynamicKeyEntryBundle\Document\MongoId but getRealId() is declared to return string
